README.md, before:

# Architect

[![Build Status Master](https://travis-ci.org/albz/Architect.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/albz/Architect "master")

`architect` (**architect** a hybrid code for Plasma Wakefield Acceleration)
Architect is a time explicit hybrid code design to perform quick simulations for electron driven plasma wakefield acceleration. Architect uses a hybrid approach: relativistic electron bunches are treated kinetically as in a PIC code while the background plasma as a fluid. Architect has been firstly described in *Efficient modeling of plasma wakefield acceleration in quasi-non-linear-regimes with the hybrid code Architect*, by A. Marocchino, F. Massimo, A. R. Rossi, E. Chiadroni, M. Ferrario --- Nuclear Instruments and Methods in Physics Research A (2016) http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.nima.2016.03.005 , and in *Electromagnetic self-consistent field initialization and fluid advance techniques for hybrid-kinetic PWFA code Architect* by F. Massimo, A. Marocchino, A. R. Rossi --- Nuclear Instruments and Methods in Physics Research A (2016) http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.nima.2016.02.043

This newer version, in part rewritten from scratch, is released as an alpha version as is, without any warranty, and will be maintained here on GitHub. A new publication is currently underway to describe progresses on this new code. If you use `architect`, you're kindly required to cite the reference papers as well as the Zenodo DOI of the latest release.

releases:
v1.0.0-alpha: [![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/doi/10.5281/zenodo.49572.svg)](http://dx.doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.49572)

Copyright on the code is by A. Marocchino, F. Massimo

Commit message:

add logo in pdf and png and md corrected with the new logo

README.md, after:

# Architect ![Architect Logo](./logo/logo.png)

[![Build Status Master](https://travis-ci.org/albz/Architect.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/albz/Architect "master")

`architect` (**architect** a hybrid code for Plasma Wakefield Acceleration)
Architect is a time explicit hybrid code design to perform quick simulations for electron driven plasma wakefield acceleration. Architect uses a hybrid approach: relativistic electron bunches are treated kinetically as in a PIC code while the background plasma as a fluid. Architect has been firstly described in *Efficient modeling of plasma wakefield acceleration in quasi-non-linear-regimes with the hybrid code Architect*, by A. Marocchino, F. Massimo, A. R. Rossi, E. Chiadroni, M. Ferrario --- Nuclear Instruments and Methods in Physics Research A (2016) http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.nima.2016.03.005 , and in *Electromagnetic self-consistent field initialization and fluid advance techniques for hybrid-kinetic PWFA code Architect* by F. Massimo, A. Marocchino, A. R. Rossi --- Nuclear Instruments and Methods in Physics Research A (2016) http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.nima.2016.02.043

This newer version, in part rewritten from scratch, is released as an alpha version as is, without any warranty, and will be maintained here on GitHub. A new publication is currently underway to describe progresses on this new code. If you use `architect`, you're kindly required to cite the reference papers as well as the Zenodo DOI of the latest release.

releases:
v1.0.0-alpha: [![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/doi/10.5281/zenodo.49572.svg)](http://dx.doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.49572)

Copyright on the code is by A. Marocchino, F. Massimo


Please refer to this image as the Architect's logo:
![Architect Logo](./logo/logo.png)
